README.md, before:

# Project 2: Open Data App - an RShiny app development project

### [Project Description](doc/project2_desc.md)

![screenshot](doc/screenshot2.png)

In this second project of GU4243/GR5243 Applied Data Science, we develop an *Exploratory Data Analysis and Visualization* shiny app on a topic of your choice using U.S. government open data released on the [data.gov](https://data.gov/) website. See [Project 2 Description](project2_desc.md) for more details.  

The **learning goals** for this project is:

- business intelligence for data science
- data cleaning
- data visualization
- systems development/design life cycle
- shiny app/shiny server

*The above general statement about project 2 can be removed once you are finished with your project. It is optional.

## Project Title Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet
Term: Spring 2017

+ Team #
+ **Projec title**: + Team members
	+ team member 1
	+ team member 2
	+ team member 3
	+ team member 4
	+ team member 5

+ **Project summary**: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

+ **Contribution statement**: ([default](doc/a_note_on_contributions.md)) All team members contributed equally in all stages of this project. All team members approve our work presented in this GitHub repository including this contributions statement. 

Following [suggestions](http://nicercode.github.io/blog/2013-04-05-projects/) by [RICH FITZJOHN](http://nicercode.github.io/about/#Team) (@richfitz). This folder is orgarnized as follows.

```
proj/
├── app/
├── lib/
├── data/
├── doc/
└── output/
```

Please see each subfolder for a README file.

Commit message:

overall readme update
first version readme update

README.md, after:

﻿# Project 2: Open Data App - an RShiny app development project

## Project Title: Alternative Fuels in US
Term: Spring 2017

+ Team 7
+ **Alternative Fuels in US**: 
	+ Yaqin Li
	+ Kai Chen
	+ Yue Gao
	+ Yi Xiang
	+ Yuxi Zhou


+ **Project summary**: This project produced a shiny app which contains two parts: part1 - alternative fueling station locator and route planner, part2 - trend analysis of US alternative fuels stations and resources. In the first part, user can find nearby fueling stations or plan a route which would pass at least one fueling station. In the second part, we conducted statistical analysis towards the trend of US alternative fuels and fueling stations in the past 47 years. Research includes the environmental benefits of alternative fuels, the development trend of fueling stations and vehicles using such fuels.

+ **Contribution statement**: . 

This folder is orgarnized as follows.

```
proj/
├── app/
├── lib/
├── data/
├── doc/
└── output/
```

Please see each subfolder for a README file.
